---
layout: post
title:  "SEO - Rank Your Page High In Search Engine "

categories: [ Marketing, SEO ]
image: assets/images/ppc.jpg
---
PPC stands for pay-per-click, a model of internet marketing in which advertisers pay a fee each time
one of their ads is clicked. Essentially, it’s a way of buying visits to your site, rather than attempting to
“earn” those visits organically.
Search engine advertising is one of the most popular forms of PPC. It allows advertisers to bid for ad
placement in a search engine&#39;s sponsored links when someone searches on a keyword that is related
to their business offering. For example, if we bid on the keyword “PPC software,” our ad might show
up in the very top spot on the Google results page. Every time our ad is clicked, sending a visitor to
our website, we have to pay the search engine a small fee.

# It’s good for searchers?

–Research indicates that searchers click on ads more often than any other
form of digital advertising. Using search engines when we’re looking for products and services, the
results, including the ads, are generally highly relevant to what we’re looking for. Google has
developed an excellent formula for ensuring that PPC ads meet the user’s needs.

#It’s good for advertisers?

Advertisers are offered a unique means of putting their message in front
of an audience who is actively and specifically seeking out their product. Because searchers reveal
their intent through their search query, advertisers are able to measure the quality of traffic that results
from search engine clicks.
#It’s good for search engines?
PPC enables search engines to cater to searchers and advertisers
simultaneously. The searchers comprise their user-base, while the advertisers provide them with their
revenue stream. The engines want to provide relevant results, first and foremost, while offering a
highly targeted, revenue-driving advertising channel.
The unique advantage of PPC marketing is that Google (and other ad networks) don’t just reward the
highest bidders for that ad space, they reward the highest-quality ads. Essentially, Google rewards

good performance. The better your ads, the greater you’re click-through rates and the lower your
costs.

#Is Pay-Per-Click Marketing Right for You?
PPC advertising offers a unique opportunity to: Grow Your Customer Base -Connect with searchers
actively looking for products and services like yours, and respond to that need by providing them with
an offer relevant to their search query.
Generate Leads at Low Costs - Because pay-per-click marketing allows you to reach leads and
prospects when they’re researching and looking to buy, it’s a highly effective way to bring interested
visitors to your site. Plus, you can enjoy an algorithmically generated discount from the search
engines in exchange for making their users happy.
The truth is, pay-per-click marketing can work for almost any kind of business, whether you’re looking
to sell products through an e-commerce website, generate leads for a service-based or software
business, build brand awareness, or even drive foot traffic and phone call to your local store.
The difficulty is in the execution. In order to get the most out of your pay-per-click marketing
campaign; you need to follow a few best practices.

#Know more?

Call us today on +91 8983834716 Email: info@cybereak.com to discuss your requirements.
Alternatively complete our on-line enquiry form and we will contact you.
